README.md, before:

# shifter\_tool

![The shifter](screenshot.png)

[![ContentDB](https://content.minetest.net/packages/jwmhjwmh/shifter_tool/shields/title/)](https://content.minetest.net/packages/jwmhjwmh/shifter_tool/)

This is a mod for [Minetest][1]. It implements a tool for shifting nodes as with
the pistons from [Mesecons][2]. It actually uses the API of `mesecons_mvps`,
meaning that it is quite compatible with other mods (the API is widely used.)

To push a node, left-click the face you want to push while wielding the shifter.
To pull the node, right-click the face instead.

## Licenses

### Source code

The source code of this project is licensed under the LGPL v3 (or later,)
as stated in the source code's comments.

### Sounds

The sounds are not by me. See the end of the Attribution section.

### Images and other files not otherwise licensed

These files are licensed under a [CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3].

They are also under the same copyright as the source files:

    Copyright © 2021  Jude Melton-Houghton

## Attribution

### Tool texture and screenshot.png

The texture can be found in [shifter\_tool\_shifter.png][4].
[screenshot.png][5] has the same attribution since it is a scaled-up version of
the texture.

#### Tool handle texture

The texture of the shifter tool handle is a modified part of another texture:
"[default\_tool\_steelaxe.png][6]" by [BlockMen][7] is licensed under a
[CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3]. It is copyrighted as follows:

    Copyright (C) 2010-2018 BlockMen

(The above notice is slightly different from what appears in [license.txt][8].)

#### Tool head texture

The yellow color on the head of the tool is taken from
"[mesecons\_piston\_pusher\_front\_sticky.png][9]" by Vanessa Dannenberg
([VanessaE][10],) which is licensed under a [CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3].
I couldn't find a copyright notice, but here is the notice in Mesecons'
[COPYING.txt][11]:

    Copyright (C) 2011-2016 Mesecons Mod Developer Team and contributors

### Pushing and pulling sounds

[shifter\_tool\_push.ogg][12] and [shifter\_tool\_pull.ogg][13] are unmodified
copies of "[piston\_extend.ogg][14]" and "[piston\_retract.ogg][15]",
respectively. Both of these are by suzenako, and both are licensed under a
[CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3]. Again, this is part of the Mesecons modpack, so the
only copyright notice I could find is this:

    Copyright (C) 2011-2016 Mesecons Mod Developer Team and contributors


[1]: https://www.minetest.net/
[2]: https://mesecons.net/
[3]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
[4]: textures/shifter_tool_shifter.png
[5]: screenshot.png
[6]: https://github.com/minetest/minetest_game/blob/a3e92c4524582a492099a3b21ed55a61b4ec18e3/mods/default/textures/default_tool_steelaxe.png
[7]: https://github.com/BlockMen
[8]: https://github.com/minetest/minetest_game/blob/master/mods/default/license.txt
[9]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/cdd9a93da9c8ed5e89993bc225647dbce71f96f4/mesecons_textures/textures/mesecons_piston_pusher_front_sticky.png
[10]: https://gitlab.com/VanessaE
[11]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/master/COPYING.txt
[12]: sounds/shifter_tool_push.ogg
[13]: sounds/shifter_tool_pull.ogg
[14]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/367a41416bb3367f81e18afdb043cd196dd4f324/mesecons_pistons/sounds/piston_extend.ogg
[15]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/367a41416bb3367f81e18afdb043cd196dd4f324/mesecons_pistons/sounds/piston_retract.ogg

Commit message:

Added Shifter modes
  Currently teleport mode will not do anything except report that
feature is not yet avalible.

  Currently the way it's in my head is...

  Right or Left click to "capture" a node into the tool while it's in
teleport mode... then Right or Left click to "release" the node
"captured".

  The beauty of this currently is that the mod's original features are
not lost, and yet the tool gains a new feature.

  I added a todo list to show progress of the new feature and to list
what has and has not been completed (yet).

README.md, after:

# shifter\_tool

![The shifter](screenshot.png)

[![ContentDB](https://content.minetest.net/packages/jwmhjwmh/shifter_tool/shields/title/)](https://content.minetest.net/packages/jwmhjwmh/shifter_tool/)

This is a mod for [Minetest][1]. It implements a tool for shifting nodes as with
the pistons from [Mesecons][2]. It actually uses the API of `mesecons_mvps`,
meaning that it is quite compatible with other mods (the API is widely used.)

To push a node, left-click the face you want to push while wielding the shifter.
To pull the node, right-click the face instead.

## Licenses

### Source code

The source code of this project is licensed under the LGPL v3 (or later,)
as stated in the source code's comments.

## Changes

### Beanzilla ([ApolloX](https://content.minetest.net/users/ApolloX/)), July 31, 2021 to Current Date

- [x] Added Shifter modes. ("shift" or "teleport")
- [x] Allowed Shifter to switch between the two modes. (Left click + Shift key, or Right click + Shift key)
- [x] Kept original shift code so the mod doesn't loose it's original capibility.
- [x] Added a different texture to indicate tool is in teleport or original shift modes (includes a chat message).
- [ ] Added teleport code where the tool essentially stores the node till request to "release" ("re-materialize").

### Sounds

The sounds are not by me. See the end of the Attribution section.

### Images and other files not otherwise licensed

These files are licensed under a [CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3].

They are also under the same copyright as the source files:

    Copyright © 2021  Jude Melton-Houghton

## Attribution

### Tool texture and screenshot.png

The texture can be found in [shifter\_tool\_shifter.png][4].
[screenshot.png][5] has the same attribution since it is a scaled-up version of
the texture.

#### Tool handle texture

The texture of the shifter tool handle is a modified part of another texture:
"[default\_tool\_steelaxe.png][6]" by [BlockMen][7] is licensed under a
[CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3]. It is copyrighted as follows:

    Copyright (C) 2010-2018 BlockMen

(The above notice is slightly different from what appears in [license.txt][8].)

#### Tool head texture

The yellow color on the head of the tool is taken from
"[mesecons\_piston\_pusher\_front\_sticky.png][9]" by Vanessa Dannenberg
([VanessaE][10],) which is licensed under a [CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3].
I couldn't find a copyright notice, but here is the notice in Mesecons'
[COPYING.txt][11]:

    Copyright (C) 2011-2016 Mesecons Mod Developer Team and contributors

The blue color was created custom.

### Pushing and pulling sounds

[shifter\_tool\_push.ogg][12] and [shifter\_tool\_pull.ogg][13] are unmodified
copies of "[piston\_extend.ogg][14]" and "[piston\_retract.ogg][15]",
respectively. Both of these are by suzenako, and both are licensed under a
[CC BY-SA 3.0 license][3]. Again, this is part of the Mesecons modpack, so the
only copyright notice I could find is this:

    Copyright (C) 2011-2016 Mesecons Mod Developer Team and contributors


[1]: https://www.minetest.net/
[2]: https://mesecons.net/
[3]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
[4]: textures/shifter_tool_shifter.png
[5]: screenshot.png
[6]: https://github.com/minetest/minetest_game/blob/a3e92c4524582a492099a3b21ed55a61b4ec18e3/mods/default/textures/default_tool_steelaxe.png
[7]: https://github.com/BlockMen
[8]: https://github.com/minetest/minetest_game/blob/master/mods/default/license.txt
[9]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/cdd9a93da9c8ed5e89993bc225647dbce71f96f4/mesecons_textures/textures/mesecons_piston_pusher_front_sticky.png
[10]: https://gitlab.com/VanessaE
[11]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/master/COPYING.txt
[12]: sounds/shifter_tool_push.ogg
[13]: sounds/shifter_tool_pull.ogg
[14]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/367a41416bb3367f81e18afdb043cd196dd4f324/mesecons_pistons/sounds/piston_extend.ogg
[15]: https://github.com/minetest-mods/mesecons/blob/367a41416bb3367f81e18afdb043cd196dd4f324/mesecons_pistons/sounds/piston_retract.ogg
